Hi Nitin Moorjani, 

I am Pawan Saket, an innovative entrepreneur of running an e-commerce website and a full stack javascript developer over 2+ years of experience in javascript. For last 1 year and 8 months, I have been working on Vuja de where I was promoted as QA head and for best coding performance.
Going through Onfido details I was amazed by your innovation of face recognition and verification technology for the business is really innovative in the market. I am really excited about your product and want to implement my vision about your product as we can scale this technology not only to verify the customers but we can really make this product improved version of watch the people identities at street and scale it for the government product to keep watch on people, it really move ahead of the competition and with my strong vision, technological and marketing skill I have acquired by experience.  And from the technical term, I can handle all your requirements as a Front-end to back-end development with extra skill in the build process, CI/CD, test cases with selenium. I believe I can provide you more in development and innovation, looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Best Regards
Pawan Saket




Hi Jack Roberts, 

I am Pawan Saket, an innovative entrepreneur of running an e-commerce website and a full stack javascript developer over 2+ years of experience in javascript. For last 1 year and 8 months, I have been working on Vuja de where I was promoted as QA head and for best coding performance.

Going through Trainline details I was amazed by your innovation of providing a great expreience of travel for the people and selling at huge margin annually is really appreciatable  is really innovative in the market. I am really excited about your product and implementing my vision to scale it to the next level as currently I am working on my own project in reactjs about travel experience social networking, which I believe its integration with your product can mark up your product to next level. Looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Best regards
Pawan Saket